>> Zac Gordon: So, the practice exercises
are pretty much the same as before.
Let's do the first one together,
make sure that it works,
cuz we are in plugins now and not themes.
It's gonna be a little bit different, and
then you can do the other two on your own,
okay?
What we need to do first is get the files,
so come back over to the repo,
>> Zac Gordon: And
go into section two, enqueue a plugin and
copy all these files.
And then, instead of putting
them in your theme's folder,
paste them into your plugins folder.
>> Zac Gordon: Okay, so
now you should have all of those there and
we're going to close out the themes
that we're editing, and let's drag our
whole plugins folder into our theme
editor.
>> Zac Gordon: So,
we've got that code ready, and
now I need to mention something
about it on the backend.
So, there's a page for plugins.
>> Zac Gordon: When
you're working on these, please don't
leave them all activated at once.
You may start to get some compatibility
issues because some of the code is shared,
and some of the stuff is the same.
I tried to make it so that it would
potentially work, but what I'd like you to
do is when you're working on, for example,
in queueing the frontend JavaScript.
Let's all activate 2.1 together right now.
And then, when we're done with it,
deactivate it like that, and
then go onto 2.2, okay?
So, everybody go ahead and
activate 2.1 right now.
>> Zac Gordon: And
then, in our 2.1 JS folder, we're going
to come down into the read me and
just look at the instructions real quick.
Okay, so we're going to open up a file
called somethingPHP frontend.js-js,
and then we're looking for nq scripts.
Okay, we know what that is, and
then we want to just change the file name,
and then pass in file.
That's it.
Okay, let's check that up.
So, if I come in to my
jsforwpfrontend.php,
this is the information about the plugin.
And then remember, like I said,
sometimes WordPress will have
conditional code at the beginning that
will exit out of all the rest of it.
So, if somebody is trying to access this
plugin directly, it will tell on, hey,
you don't have access and take them out.
Okay, so change path to file.js to
use plug ins URL and
then pass it to parameters.
This is going to be my first, and
this is going to be my second.
Okay, so I'm going to delete this
code here This code right here,
delete that and say,
plugins_url and it's gonna take two
parameters and we'll do this easy way.
We'll just copy this code,
>> Zac Gordon: Paste it in and then
copy FILE and it's a second parameter,
so they need to be comma separated.
So you need a comma right here And
then file.
Okay, I'm not trying to make your lives
difficult, but this is the convention.
Again, this is something that
needs to become second nature.
You need to be able to like remember okay
I've got plug ins url, I put this in here,
I put that in there.
And, from there, I'm going.
And, for now, if we, we should be
able to just come to our site.
The plug in is activated.
Notice, I still have my
JavaScript from before.
But now I've got plug in JS loaded.
Sweet.
That's perfect.
And it's coming from my main JS file,
which is inside of my assets.
JS main right here.
Plug in JS loaded, okay